<Action id="20759" issue="14626" author="jimthematrix" type="comment" created="2017-02-08 14:36:35.0" updateauthor="jimthematrix" updated="2017-02-08 14:36:35.0"> <body><! CDATA so just to clarify, the proposal is to release the alpha based on the hackfest experience which would be a significant subset of the six-part experience that  ~mastersingh24  laid out in the #fabric-maintainers channel right (guess hence the "compromise")?  I don't have a problem with that from the technical point of view, we need to make sure the Getting Started instructions pulls the node.js SDK from the v1.0-alpha branch instead of master (the two are not compatible due to removal of dockerfile-contents in deployment proposal). this also needs to be tested to make sure the few updates added to v1.0-alpha since the hackfest have not broken anything, I don't believe that's the case but need to make sure.  ></body> </Action>
<Action id="20776" issue="14626" author="mastersingh24" type="comment" created="2017-02-08 16:48:50.0" updateauthor="mastersingh24" updated="2017-02-08 16:49:38.0"> <body><! CDATA we need to make sure we package this all up in a tight bundle, but I think that this is the best approach IF we must get something out soon. my take is that the current master is no better than the hackfest stuff in terms of usability, etc  but not sure that we should republish versus just telling people where to get them from the current published location  ></body> </Action>
<Action id="20777" issue="14626" author="yacovm" type="comment" body="I would prefer if we can fix the script https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/blob/master/examples/sfhackfest/channel_test.sh with https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/5691/, with testing it of course. " created="2017-02-08 16:49:54.0" updateauthor="yacovm" updated="2017-02-08 16:49:54.0"/>
<Action id="20779" issue="14626" author="muralisr" type="comment" body="I think sooner we get this out so people can play with the better so +1...provided  docs and scripts are good of course. When I tested it did look (pretty close at least)." created="2017-02-08 16:52:37.0" updateauthor="muralisr" updated="2017-02-08 16:52:37.0"/>
<Action id="20780" issue="14626" author="jyellick" type="comment" body="I&apos;m a little wary of frustrating users by giving them something that looks blessed, but is going to change in non-backwards compatible ways.  If we decide to go forward with this, I think we need to clearly communicate that users should assume details will change and anything they build on top will very likely be invalidated before v1.  Do we see people wanting to pick up these images if they understand that?" created="2017-02-08 17:01:03.0" updateauthor="jyellick" updated="2017-02-08 17:01:03.0"/>
