<Action id="61878" issue="41126" author="mastersingh24" type="comment" body="I actually think we should pull these out from being &quot;subpackages&quot; under the shim in the future was well.  Will open a JIRA for this if there is not one already ... would really be part of moving the shim out of the fabric tree anyway" created="2019-07-16 18:22:43.0" updateauthor="mastersingh24" updated="2019-07-16 18:22:43.0"/>
<Action id="61881" issue="41126" author="mastersingh24" type="comment" body="https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/c/fabric/+/32357" created="2019-07-16 19:04:34.0" updateauthor="mastersingh24" updated="2019-07-16 19:04:34.0"/>
