<Action id="20725" issue="14575" author="elli-androulaki" type="comment" body="Here we would need to explore if finer grained access control is needed..." created="2017-02-07 13:03:40.0" updateauthor="elli-androulaki" updated="2017-02-07 13:03:40.0"/>
<Action id="20903" issue="14575" author="elli-androulaki" type="comment" created="2017-02-15 09:28:10.0" updateauthor="elli-androulaki" updated="2017-02-15 10:41:48.0"> <body><! CDATA Here it was decided to go for manual update of local MSPs.  ~binhn   ~muralisr   ~ales   ~adc   ~yacovm  to confirm this would be fine for V1. If this is the case, we can list this item to the "Backlog".  ></body> </Action>
<Action id="20907" issue="14575" author="yacovm" type="comment" created="2017-02-15 09:48:45.0" updateauthor="yacovm" updated="2017-02-15 09:54:35.0"> <body><! CDATA {quote}Here it was decided to go for manual update of local MSPs{quote}  I think that manually maintaining local MSPs is a mistake. * How do you keep local MSPs of peers in sync? Even after taking into account the fact that the local MSPs are only used for intra-org cert/identity validation, you are basically inducing a hand-made constraint on an operations team of a fabric installation - now they need to keep this information up to date. * When a peer joins a channel, it uses the local MSP. It means that if some revocation has occurred, or an addition/change of either a peer-Org admin, or a (however rare) change of the org rootCA, you need to propagate this information to all peers in the organization. * Local MSPs are loaded at peer boot time. How do you "refresh" it on-the-fly? I assume you don't expect peers to be restarted to reload the local MSP configuration (of course, they can read periodically from the file system, but that's also a certain problem that I wanted to point in the current setup)  In my opinion, for alpha we should go with what we have due to the time constraints, but all MSP-related stuff need to be as automated and intervention-free as possible.  I think that if we can have an identity channel not only the problems above would be solved, but we would also drastically simplify the channel creation process. Right now, if we have *m* orgs, one of the orgs creates a channel and the other *m-1* orgs have to send that org their rootCA certs out of band, and then that org operator needs to create either a configuration file manually, or a configuration file with a directory structure and do lots of stuff manually. Since this is out of band, there is no way to script/automate this *outside of fabric* because if we have different orgs- the only common technical entity they have is that they all run fabric- therefore, I think that fabric should automate this root CA dissemination process, and an identity channel is a way to automate it.  Also tagging here  ~jyellick  and  ~mastersingh24  ,and  ~C0rWin  maybe they have some comments too.   ></body> </Action>
<Action id="20908" issue="14575" author="elli-androulaki" type="comment" created="2017-02-15 10:40:17.0" updateauthor="elli-androulaki" updated="2017-02-15 10:41:30.0"> <body><! CDATA So, just to make this clear. I agree we will need to automate this and I am in favor of an identity channel based approach. The decision I mentioned above was taken in a discussion with  ~binhn  and  ~muralisr , it referred to v1 and to my understanding the reason was time constraints.  Revised my statement above regarding the "marking of this item" as it was admittedly misleading.    ></body> </Action>
<Action id="20912" issue="14575" author="binhn" type="comment" body=" ~yacovm  We can and should leverage existing tools to do software update" created="2017-02-15 14:26:26.0" updateauthor="binhn" updated="2017-02-15 14:26:26.0"/>
<Action id="20934" issue="14575" author="mastersingh24" type="comment" created="2017-02-16 16:16:22.0" updateauthor="mastersingh24" updated="2017-02-16 16:16:22.0"> <body><! CDATA I don't think that configuration of the "local MSP" should ever go through the ordering service / channels. I also think we are going a bit overboard on thinking that this is going to be a frequent thing which happens.  If we need to make it better for an organization to manage the "crypto" material for the peers - agreed.  We need good peer admin APIs and maybe some admin tooling around this (e.g. a mgmt / admin console that can connect to all the peers in my org).  We could easily allow you to update / push a new root certificate, etc.  ></body> </Action>
<Action id="20936" issue="14575" author="mastersingh24" type="comment" created="2017-02-16 17:20:28.0" updateauthor="mastersingh24" updated="2017-02-16 17:20:28.0"> <body><! CDATA Is this about updating the "local MSP" (aka identity of peers) or about updating the MSPs for the orgs within a channel?  I think we should support a model where we have a "identity channel" in the ordering service which deals with all MSPs for the "network" and then broadcasts updates to all relevant channels.  I believe this is what  ~jyellick  had proposed?  ></body> </Action>
<Action id="20937" issue="14575" author="yacovm" type="comment" created="2017-02-16 17:55:28.0" updateauthor="yacovm" updated="2017-02-16 20:57:24.0"> <body><! CDATA All I'm saying is that it's a big disadvantage that organizations have to send other organizations certificates out of band in order to create a channel. Updates that are infrequent *and* intra-org, like changing root CA certs of the organization, could of course go not through the ordering service, but I think that MSP management that is inter-org, should not be maintained by the fabric participants, but by the fabric ordering service just like in the identity channel idea you mentioned here.   ></body> </Action>
<Action id="20942" issue="14575" author="elli-androulaki" type="comment" created="2017-02-16 18:27:30.0" updateauthor="elli-androulaki" updated="2017-02-16 18:27:30.0"> <body><! CDATA  ~mastersingh24  what you said is correct for the identity channel.  In addition (I think thats where  ~yacovm  was going), one could leverage the unique per MSP identifier to have peers update their local MSP (CAs, CRLs) according to valid Identity channel's updates that  refer to their MSP.  Adding @jyellick to confirm.  Updating the singing identity of a peer of course would only be possible by manual intervention by the peer's admin.  For v1, we can only go manual for everything given that there is no enough time. But for the level of "manual" did you mean having an admin API implemented by next week, or as an addon in the weeks to follow?   ></body> </Action>
<Action id="20966" issue="14575" author="mastersingh24" type="comment" body=" ~ellaki  I was not expecting &quot;admin&quot; API for next week but its something I think we are going to need once we really start trying to configure everything" created="2017-02-17 05:18:02.0" updateauthor="mastersingh24" updated="2017-02-17 05:18:02.0"/>
<Action id="20967" issue="14575" author="elli-androulaki" type="comment" body=" ~mastersingh24  understood, thanks!" created="2017-02-17 08:03:40.0" updateauthor="elli-androulaki" updated="2017-02-17 08:03:40.0"/>
<Action id="21961" issue="14575" author="binhn" type="comment" body="I am moving this to post 1.0" created="2017-04-07 19:58:39.0" updateauthor="binhn" updated="2017-04-07 19:58:39.0"/>
<Action id="41496" issue="14575" author="denyeart" type="comment" body="Removing v1.2 tag - not a top priority per maintainer v1.2 planning meeting." created="2018-03-13 02:59:33.0" updateauthor="denyeart" updated="2018-03-13 02:59:33.0"/>
<Action id="55264" issue="14575" author="tylerwince" type="comment" body="Has there been any update on this issue?" created="2019-01-03 17:20:27.0" updateauthor="tylerwince" updated="2019-01-03 17:20:27.0"/>
<Action id="66957" issue="14575" author="sykesm" type="comment" body="Stale" created="2020-01-22 18:50:12.0" updateauthor="sykesm" updated="2020-01-22 18:50:12.0"/>
<Action id="67613" issue="14575" author="nyet" type="comment" body="Re-opening, this affects us." created="2020-01-22 22:49:51.0" updateauthor="nyet" updated="2020-01-22 22:49:51.0"/>
<Action id="67622" issue="14575" author="sykesm" type="comment" created="2020-01-23 13:55:18.0" updateauthor="sykesm" updated="2020-01-23 13:55:18.0"> <body><! CDATA Per the comment in the parent issue, we have moved to an RFC based process for Fabric.  Given the interest in this issue, I'd request that you propose an RFC here: https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-rfcs/tree/master  Thanks.  ></body> </Action>
