<Action id="23864" issue="16679" author="jonathanlevi" type="comment" body=" ~angelo.decaro  Please can you provide more information about this ticket? e.g., the impact of not having this, Fix Version/s, Affects Version/s? And how do/did you plan to implement this... and at this point - the CR in Gerrit ?" created="2017-05-15 13:53:02.0" updateauthor="jonathanlevi" updated="2017-05-15 13:53:02.0"/>
<Action id="23868" issue="16679" author="angelo.decaro" type="comment" body=" ~JonathanLevi , thanks. I updated the JIRA item. Does it read better?" created="2017-05-15 15:09:12.0" updateauthor="angelo.decaro" updated="2017-05-15 15:09:12.0"/>
<Action id="24575" issue="16679" author="c0rwin" type="comment" body="There is a CR already available in gerrit: https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/9275/1, while not sure about it since no one voted on this item, since labeled &quot;*review-needed*&quot;." created="2017-05-29 07:31:24.0" updateauthor="c0rwin" updated="2017-05-29 07:31:24.0"/>
<Action id="24580" issue="16679" author="jimthematrix" type="comment" body="it&apos;s low priority improvement, but low risk and aligns the cryptogen tool capability to the fabric APIs. so I think it should be added. however the CR did not look complete to me (comment added in gerrit)" created="2017-05-29 13:05:50.0" updateauthor="jimthematrix" updated="2017-05-29 13:05:50.0"/>
<Action id="24626" issue="16679" author="angelo.decaro" type="comment" created="2017-05-30 08:13:44.0" updateauthor="angelo.decaro" updated="2017-05-31 09:35:19.0"> <body><! CDATA Hi  ~jimthematrix , thanks for the comments. I have replied on the CR.   We can definitely modify cryptogen to use the new API offering them via the CLI. I can open another JIRA item on this. Wdyt?  ~elli-androulaki ,  ~mastersingh24 ,  ~binhn   ></body> </Action>
<Action id="25053" issue="16679" author="elli-androulaki" type="comment" body=" ~angelo.decaro  either way works for me!" created="2017-06-02 00:27:20.0" updateauthor="elli-androulaki" updated="2017-06-02 00:27:54.0"/>
<Action id="25253" issue="16679" author="denyeart" type="comment" body="Since we are in feature freeze, let me ask this - What is the impact to consumers of Fabric if this is deferred to 1.1?  Can you expand on the Description with more detailed business/technical impact to consumers?" created="2017-06-04 12:31:10.0" updateauthor="denyeart" updated="2017-06-04 12:31:10.0"/>
<Action id="25383" issue="16679" author="binhn" type="comment" body=" ~denyeart  This is additional code on a tool – cryptogen, which is used in our tests. It is not a runtime feature of Fabric. This cr enables to generate intermediate ca and crl in our tests to help coverage. " created="2017-06-05 16:04:43.0" updateauthor="binhn" updated="2017-06-19 20:55:11.0"/>
<Action id="25384" issue="16679" author="angelo.decaro" type="comment" created="2017-06-05 16:28:28.0" updateauthor="angelo.decaro" updated="2017-06-05 16:28:28.0"> <body><! CDATA I'm totally fine to postpone this to post v1. I have written that code to be able to generate crypto material for testing MSP under specific conditions. I thought then that it could be useful also to others. That's it :)  I can withdraw the change-set, if needed.  ></body> </Action>
<Action id="25385" issue="16679" author="angelo.decaro" type="comment" body="just moved it to v1.1." created="2017-06-05 16:29:18.0" updateauthor="angelo.decaro" updated="2017-06-05 16:29:32.0"/>
<Action id="25386" issue="16679" author="jonathanlevi" type="comment" body="Thank you  ~angelo.decaro " created="2017-06-05 16:29:59.0" updateauthor="jonathanlevi" updated="2017-06-05 16:29:59.0"/>
<Action id="26792" issue="16679" author="binhn" type="comment" body="Doc and test require this enhancement to help with scenarios otherwise one would have to hand-craft things up" created="2017-06-19 20:57:19.0" updateauthor="binhn" updated="2017-06-19 20:57:19.0"/>
<Action id="26793" issue="16679" author="jonathanlevi" type="comment" created="2017-06-19 21:08:11.0" updateauthor="jonathanlevi" updated="2017-06-19 22:28:07.0"> <body><! CDATA Friends and colleagues, it may be easier if you let  ~ChristopherFerris  and I, to manage what gets into 1.0 and what's deferred to 1.1.  While of course we are working these out after a consensus, it is just that we would like to be on top of any committed deadline (from our end), and of course, inform others when such deadlines/milestones are affected, needed to move around.  (In this case, I am referring to moving this item forward (back to v1.0) from it being part of the upcoming version)     Amiably: please do not "misinterpret" the above in any negative way. I am not being passive aggressive/indirect here ;), on the contrary; just directly offering to help with the overhead / "leg work" associated with the evaluation/decisions/timelines.  ></body> </Action>
<Action id="26800" issue="16679" author="christopherferris" type="comment" body="changed the release and removed from review-needed" created="2017-06-19 22:25:00.0" updateauthor="christopherferris" updated="2017-06-19 22:25:00.0"/>
<Action id="67028" issue="16679" author="sykesm" type="comment" body="Stale" created="2020-01-22 19:09:51.0" updateauthor="sykesm" updated="2020-01-22 19:09:51.0"/>
