<Action id="22296" issue="15017" author="muralisr" type="comment" body=" ~ibmmark  moving this to 1.1 (especially pluggable scc) as we need to looking into golang 1.8 support." created="2017-04-13 06:58:44.0" updateauthor="muralisr" updated="2017-04-13 06:58:44.0"/>
<Action id="22778" issue="15017" author="markparz" type="comment" body="agreed" created="2017-04-20 21:30:05.0" updateauthor="markparz" updated="2017-04-20 21:30:05.0"/>
<Action id="27395" issue="15017" author="vdods" type="comment" body="Just to be clear, would this include the ability to specify a custom endorsement policy via golang, say during chaincode installation/instantiation?" created="2017-06-26 21:28:55.0" updateauthor="vdods" updated="2017-06-26 21:28:55.0"/>
<Action id="28315" issue="15017" author="aleksandar.likic" type="comment" body="LInk to the proposal (draft): https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NXz8fraX3O6PkXrcNyXklNHWZG-UeXHad0yUuP34f7w/edit#heading=h.4p7xi5bvhxdr" created="2017-07-13 15:02:51.0" updateauthor="aleksandar.likic" updated="2017-07-13 15:02:51.0"/>
<Action id="28693" issue="15017" author="vdods" type="comment" body="If the endorsement policy were to be customized, it would make sense not to specify it at the peer level, but at the channel level – a peer may be part of several unrelated channels, each having their own rules regarding transactions (i.e. endorsement policies)." created="2017-07-19 18:20:18.0" updateauthor="vdods" updated="2017-07-19 18:20:18.0"/>
<Action id="28699" issue="15017" author="aleksandar.likic" type="comment" body="Added a section on SCC deployment to draft proposal at  https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NXz8fraX3O6PkXrcNyXklNHWZG-UeXHad0yUuP34f7w/edit#heading=h.4p7xi5bvhxdr  " created="2017-07-20 01:24:33.0" updateauthor="aleksandar.likic" updated="2017-07-20 01:24:33.0"/>
<Action id="33139" issue="15017" author="troyronda" type="comment" created="2017-10-25 00:10:33.0" updateauthor="troyronda" updated="2017-10-25 00:19:11.0"> <body><! CDATA Please see pluggable system implementation at  https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/14753/  (FAB-6719) - needs reviewers :).     ></body> </Action>
<Action id="41988" issue="15017" author="denyeart" type="comment" body="Many issues were bulk moved from v1.0 or v1.1 to v1.2 as part of a cleanup effort, and many of these issues are not high priority or actually intended to be worked for v1.2.  This issue is being bulk moved to Future.  If the issue is indeed high priority for v1.2 and/or very low effort, please move back to v1.2 and add a comment to indicate rationale." created="2018-03-23 05:07:50.0" updateauthor="denyeart" updated="2018-03-23 05:07:50.0"/>
<Action id="62783" issue="15017" author="mastersingh24" type="comment" body="We actually do support this today, but plan to remove this in 2.x" created="2019-08-11 09:03:52.0" updateauthor="mastersingh24" updated="2019-08-11 09:03:52.0"/>
