<Action id="60468" issue="35611" author="joe-alewine" type="comment" body="Hi, Yoav. Is there a basic idea of what kind of documentation this will be/need? Is there a design doc for the revised design?" created="2019-05-29 16:29:13.0" updateauthor="joe-alewine" updated="2019-05-29 16:30:40.0"/>
<Action id="60492" issue="35611" author="tock" type="comment" body=" ~joe-alewine  Hi Joe, I added a design doc. Check if it fits your needs for producing user facing documentation." created="2019-05-30 08:09:05.0" updateauthor="tock" updated="2019-05-30 08:09:05.0"/>
<Action id="60848" issue="35611" author="sykesm" type="comment" created="2019-06-10 20:26:24.0" updateauthor="sykesm" updated="2019-06-10 20:26:24.0"> <body><! CDATA Yoav, the initial draft of documentation comes from development. This is a task for you and Jason, i believe. This documentation should cover planning, risk mitigation, and the actual process.  Joe will help ensure it's in a format that's consistent with other docs.   ></body> </Action>
<Action id="60908" issue="35611" author="tock" type="comment" body=" ~joe-alewine , does the  current documentation|https://docs.google.com/document/d/1I7zWBomEPsgxgDYiYwE7ZPaT_Htll996nM2Y5A4xY-8/edit#heading=h.lq5yb4vsi0bo  meet you needs for producing user facing documentation? please reach out to me if you need anything additional to this." created="2019-06-12 06:57:45.0" updateauthor="tock" updated="2019-06-12 06:57:45.0"/>
<Action id="60915" issue="35611" author="joe-alewine" type="comment" created="2019-06-12 14:52:34.0" updateauthor="joe-alewine" updated="2019-06-12 14:52:34.0"> <body><! CDATA  ~tock    ~jyellick  and I discussed plans for the doc yesterday and decided on something of a more stripped down approach for it. While the linked design doc is not really a doc of the kind that trimmed and put into the docs, it does I think have enough information in it to be used to create a doc.  ></body> </Action>
<Action id="61127" issue="35611" author="joe-alewine" type="comment" body="https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/c/fabric/+/31993" created="2019-06-19 20:39:07.0" updateauthor="joe-alewine" updated="2019-06-19 20:39:07.0"/>
<Action id="61270" issue="35611" author="guoger" type="comment" body="merged in master and i believe this should be cherry-picked to 1.4 branch?  ~joe-alewine " created="2019-06-26 13:25:36.0" updateauthor="guoger" updated="2019-06-26 13:25:36.0"/>
