<Action id="32011" issue="21791" author="christopherferris" type="comment" body="Would like to request a repository to begin the exploratory work leading to a design." created="2017-10-11 19:44:10.0" updateauthor="christopherferris" updated="2017-10-11 19:44:10.0"/>
<Action id="32630" issue="21791" author="yacovm" type="comment" body="My opinion that adding a chaincode shim type is a pretty isolated feature and thus low risk." created="2017-10-18 15:09:08.0" updateauthor="yacovm" updated="2017-10-18 15:09:08.0"/>
<Action id="34648" issue="21791" author="muralisr" type="comment" body="This extension broadens the capabilities, invites new uses and (on the face of it) the chaincode/container pluggability should make it non-invasive to the fabric. However we have to be careful that it does not force changes to core fabric (e.g., changes to gRPC support for chaincode or other changes to fabric) to accommodate this work. Does this sound reasonable ?" created="2017-11-15 19:55:56.0" updateauthor="muralisr" updated="2017-11-15 20:00:52.0"/>
<Action id="34669" issue="21791" author="christopherferris" type="comment" created="2017-11-16 14:01:44.0" updateauthor="christopherferris" updated="2017-11-16 14:01:44.0"> <body><! CDATA  ~muralisr  yes, in fact, in the draft design doc we have that as a motivation/goal (to be minimally invasive to Fabric and Burrow).   The intention would be to have a shim similar to Java and Javascript have.  ></body> </Action>
<Action id="34670" issue="21791" author="christopherferris" type="comment" body="note that I have had Ry create #fabric-evm in RC to provide a forum to discuss this sub-project." created="2017-11-16 14:05:58.0" updateauthor="christopherferris" updated="2017-11-16 14:05:58.0"/>
<Action id="34672" issue="21791" author="muralisr" type="comment" body="Thanks  ~ChristopherFerris ... voted +1." created="2017-11-16 14:18:05.0" updateauthor="muralisr" updated="2017-11-16 14:18:05.0"/>
<Action id="34725" issue="21791" author="greg.haskins" type="comment" body="I support this.  I think we need to put a more formal design around the chaincode-&gt;peer interface first, probably.  But if we do, it will pay dividends in multiple dimensions including the addition of new chaincode platforms such as this one." created="2017-11-17 17:29:14.0" updateauthor="greg.haskins" updated="2017-11-17 17:29:48.0"/>
<Action id="34793" issue="21791" author="christopherferris" type="comment" body="This has the requisite votes... I&apos;ll work with  ~ry  to get a repo created." created="2017-11-20 20:35:49.0" updateauthor="christopherferris" updated="2017-11-20 20:35:49.0"/>
<Action id="35310" issue="21791" author="christopherferris" type="comment" created="2017-11-21 14:52:24.0" updateauthor="christopherferris" updated="2017-11-21 14:52:24.0"> <body><! CDATA maintainers should be same as fabric, same merge policy (2+2)     ></body> </Action>
<Action id="35320" issue="21791" author="ryjones" type="comment" body=" ~ChristopherFerris  what is the exact name of the repo? fabric-evm or fabric-chaincode-evm, to follow the patterns of other chaincodes?" created="2017-11-21 19:11:29.0" updateauthor="ryjones" updated="2017-11-21 19:11:29.0"/>
<Action id="35331" issue="21791" author="christopherferris" type="comment" body="sorry fabric-chaincode-evm" created="2017-11-21 22:07:20.0" updateauthor="christopherferris" updated="2017-11-21 22:07:20.0"/>
<Action id="35333" issue="21791" author="ryjones" type="comment" body="repo created, mirror to github established" created="2017-11-21 23:25:46.0" updateauthor="ryjones" updated="2017-11-21 23:25:46.0"/>
<Action id="35338" issue="21791" author="christopherferris" type="comment" body="Actually, given the change to fabric-sdk-node maintainer set to be specific to the repo, I would propose that we make similar proposal. I&apos;ll send in a CR with a MAINTAINERS file." created="2017-11-22 13:37:45.0" updateauthor="christopherferris" updated="2017-11-22 13:39:02.0"/>
<Action id="38519" issue="21791" author="christopherferris" type="comment" body="I&apos;ve lost the link to the public facing demo/playback video... can someone post it in this JIRA please?  ~guoger   ~swetharepakula " created="2018-01-12 19:41:50.0" updateauthor="christopherferris" updated="2018-01-12 19:41:50.0"/>
<Action id="38520" issue="21791" author="muralisr" type="comment" created="2018-01-12 19:47:16.0" updateauthor="muralisr" updated="2018-01-12 19:47:16.0"> <body><! CDATA perhaps this one  ~ChristopherFerris  https://drive.google.com/file/d/149FI5gEHLXAN7plzOCBUOyPB_s9AqPAj/view  (and if wrong and you have a better one  ~guoger   ~swetharepakula  , we can remove this link...)  ></body> </Action>
<Action id="38522" issue="21791" author="swetharepakula" type="comment" body="That link is to the right video. The link I have is :  https://drive.google.com/open?id=149FI5gEHLXAN7plzOCBUOyPB_s9AqPAj " created="2018-01-12 19:55:55.0" updateauthor="swetharepakula" updated="2018-01-12 19:55:55.0"/>
<Action id="38524" issue="21791" author="christopherferris" type="comment" body="Thanks  ~swetharepakula " created="2018-01-12 20:09:33.0" updateauthor="christopherferris" updated="2018-01-12 20:09:33.0"/>
<Action id="43734" issue="21791" author="clayton sims" type="comment" created="2018-05-02 17:57:26.0" updateauthor="clayton sims" updated="2018-05-02 17:57:26.0"> <body><! CDATA Jay and Chris - what is the date you expect code complete?   All code CRs submitted (but necessarily approved)     ></body> </Action>
<Action id="43743" issue="21791" author="christopherferris" type="comment" body="Well, for the plugin, we hope to finish soon... the phase II stuff (proxy) will come after. Right now, the focus is on the demo for Consensus. jay is on holiday this week, also." created="2018-05-02 19:56:35.0" updateauthor="christopherferris" updated="2018-05-02 19:56:35.0"/>
<Action id="44708" issue="21791" author="jimthematrix" type="comment" body=" ~ChristopherFerris ,  ~guoger  really nice seeing you guys at Consensus! this is very interesting work. would definitely help when enterprises evaluate the two platforms and they don&apos;t have to write their contract logic twice, or migrating ethereum users to Fabric. I added two comments/questions to the design doc, on deriving transaction submitter identity and distinguishing contract creation transactions. Would love to hear your thoughts. also  ~swetharepakula " created="2018-05-21 03:28:43.0" updateauthor="jimthematrix" updated="2018-05-21 03:31:01.0"/>
<Action id="44715" issue="21791" author="guoger" type="comment" body=" ~jimthematrix  hi, it was nice seeing you at Consensus as well! I&apos;ve replied in #fabric-evm channel on Rocket.chat, welcome to hang out in that channel and we highly appreciate your insights!" created="2018-05-21 09:35:44.0" updateauthor="guoger" updated="2018-05-21 09:35:44.0"/>
<Action id="44839" issue="21791" author="christopherferris" type="comment" body=" ~guoger   ~swetharepakula  we need to build a test plan for 1.2. I think we should have a bunch of contracts that we test to explore what we can and cannot handle. I was pining some test frameworks that ethereum has... wonder if any are licensed such that we could reuse?" created="2018-05-22 13:12:31.0" updateauthor="christopherferris" updated="2018-05-22 13:12:31.0"/>
